okay, That could be difficulty. Especially early on. I think I think you
want Thio. Just pay good attention, Thio. Especially in the context
of like, your work experiences or your educational experiences. You
know how engaged are you? You know, Are you Are you really engaged
when you're at your job or when you're at your internship or you just
counting the minutes until you can go home? Um, you know, when you're
learning new material when you're studying, you know, is this
information that you're actually interested in or are you just learning
it because you know, you've got a test? Um, those are things to
pay Attention, Thio. If you are learning something because you love
it, you want to know more about it. You want to know as much as you
can about it. Um, you know, if you're seeking out information independently
just because you just cannot get enough of this topic, um, if
you enjoy going toe work and you find it, you know, maybe it's hard
and exhausting, but it's like a good, hard, exhausting and you feel
challenged and energized by by the work that you're doing. Then you're
probably on the right path because, you know, this is what makes
a happy and productive life is when we are engaged